OADP-4949: Errors in Opt-in & Opt-out (#83008)
openshift/openshift-docs: modules/oadp-pod-volume-backup.adoc

Before you start a backup operation by using File System Backup (FSB), you must specify which pods contain a volume that you want to back up. Velero refers to this process as "discovering" the appropriate pod volumes.

> Velero supports two approaches for determining pod volumes. Use the opt-in or opt-out approach to allow Velero to decide between an FSB, a volume snapshot, or a Data Mover backup. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Velero supports two approaches for determining pod volumes. Use the opt-in or the opt-out approach to allow Velero to decide between an FSB, a volume snapshot, or a Data Mover backup. 
```

> * *Opt-in approach*: With the opt-in approach, volumes are backed up using snapshot or Data Mover by default. FSB is used on on specific volumes opted-in by annotations.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* *Opt-in approach*: With the opt-in approach, volumes are backed up using snapshot or Data Mover by default. FSB is used on specific volumes that are opted-in by annotations.
```

> * *Opt-in approach*: With the opt-in approach, volumes not opted-in use snapshot or DataMover, which is the default. Volumes, opted-in by using annotation, use FSB backup, Kopia or Restic. 

Author: ```suggestion
* *Opt-in approach*: With the opt-in approach, volumes not opted-in use snapshot or DataMover, which is the default. Volumes, opted-in by using annotations, use FSB backup, Kopia or Restic. 
```

> * *Opt-in approach*: With the opt-in approach, volumes not opted-in use snapshot or DataMover, which is the default. Volumes, opted-in by using annotations, use FSB backup, Kopia or Restic. 

Reviewer 2: This looks confusing to me. Maybe we could change it to something like this. 
```suggestion
* *Opt-in approach*: With the opt-in approach, volumes will be backed up using FSB even though the backup spec is using snapshot or DataMover as the default option. Opted-in by using annotations, use Kopia or Restic. 
```

> * *Opt-out approach*: With the opt-out approach, volumes are backed up using FSB by default. Snapshots or Data Mover is used on specific volumes opted-out by annotations.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* *Opt-out approach*: With the opt-out approach, volumes are backed up using FSB by default. Snapshots or Data Mover is used on specific volumes that are opted-out by annotations.
```

> * *Opt-out approach*: With the opt-out approach, volumes are not backed up using FSB. Volumes, opted out by the addition of annotations, are backed up using a snapshot or Data Mover.

Author: ```suggestion
* *Opt-out approach*: With the opt-out approach, volumes are backed up using FSB by default. Snapshots or Data Mover is used on specific volumes opted-out by annotations.
```

> * *Opt-out approach*: With the opt-out approach, volumes not opted-out use FSB, which is the default. Volumes, opted out by the addition of annotations, are backed up from a snapshot or Data Mover backup.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
* *Opt-out approach*: With the opt-out approach, volumes are not backed up via FSB. Volumes, opted out by the addition of annotations, are backed up via a snapshot or Data Mover.
```

> * *Opt-out approach*: With the opt-out approach, volumes are not backed up via FSB. Volumes, opted out by the addition of annotations, are backed up via a snapshot or Data Mover.

Author: ```suggestion
* *Opt-out approach*: With the opt-out approach, volumes are not backed up using a FSB. Volumes, opted out by the addition of annotations, are backed up via a snapshot or Data Mover.
```

> * *Opt-out approach*: With the opt-out approach, volumes are not backed up using a FSB. Volumes, opted out by the addition of annotations, are backed up via a snapshot or Data Mover.

Author: ```suggestion
* *Opt-out approach*: With the opt-out approach, volumes are not backed up using FSB. Volumes, opted out by the addition of annotations, are backed up via a snapshot or Data Mover.
```

> * *Opt-out approach*: With the opt-out approach, volumes are not backed up using FSB. Volumes, opted out by the addition of annotations, are backed up using a snapshot or Data Mover.

Reviewer 3: With the opt-out approach, volumes are backed up using FSB by default. Snapshots or Data Mover will be used on specific volumes opted-out by annotations.

> * *Opt-out approach*: With the opt-out approach, volumes not opted out use filesystem backup, which is the default. Volumes, opted out by the addition of annotations, are backed up from a snapshot or Data Mover backup.

Author: ```suggestion
* *Opt-out approach*: With the opt-out approach, volumes not opted-out use FSB, which is the default. Volumes, opted out by the addition of annotations, are backed up from a snapshot or Data Mover backup.
```
